- we have seen how to commit image on dockerhubwe have executed manual steps, before exectuting we have changes image name with username, then we have used docker push command to puch the image onto docker hub. I would like to incorporat this changing through ansible playbook so that i no need to do it manually.

- Update ansible playbook
```sh
vi regapp.yml

---
- hosts: ansible

  tasks:
  - name: Create docker image
    command: docker build -t regapp:latest .
    args:
     chdir: /opt/docker

  - name: create tag to push the image onto dockerhub
    command: docker tag regapp:latest shivangidodia1/regapp:latest   (same tag so that it get updated over there, it does not require any path we can execute command from anywhere so not reuire args)

  - name: push docker image
    command: docker push shivangidodia1/regapp:latest     (by this we could commit image to remote repo)
```
- make sure which user you are running ansible-playbook, with the same user you should login to dockerhub.
- creating image should happenedn only on ansible server.  that is the reason in the playbook host= ansible group
- this is how we cab restrict to execute this playbook on ansible. If you want to specify explicitly we can use limits
```sh
ansible-playbook regapp.yml --limit (IP of ansibleserver)
```

- Now I dont want to execute this ansible-playbook as well. so we can give ansible-plyabook regapp.yml command to jenkins server, so jenkins server initiate this playbook whenever is new code commit. that is wehre we need to create new image. otherewise no need to create image

#### updating COPY_Aritifact_onto_Ansible job

- enable POLL SCM
    `* * * * * `
   - *Post-build Actions*
       - Send build artifacts over SSH
              - Exec Commands
             ```sh
             ansible-playbook /opt/docker/regapp.yml  (need to mentioned where this ansible playbook regapp.yml located)
             ```
 - now will update source code so that my job should get execute, once this job get executed our ansible playbook get execute once that is done our docker image get create with latest time stamp

 - now once i done, jenkins identified changes it should triggered job once job success new artifacts created nothing but war file, that file should het copy into ansible playbook. and it create latest image and that should updated on dockerhub      
